Yes. I'll make a couple of comments on. So one of the, within the revenue guidance. Joe mentioned a 100% of that is contracted. Within that 100%, 90% of that is -- 90% plus is already executed, so we'll deliver that. In terms of the ramp up quarter-by-quarter, we're not providing a quarterly ramp at this time, the tranche one will be complete by the end of this quarter, in terms of that and then we'll begin tranche two in the second half of 2017.
Yes. I would expect another dip down in the first half of '17 as we on-board tranche one and as we indicated in our JP Morgan conference. The first year typically, we see a degradation on our margin as we on-board these Tranches and then after year one, they start to deliver profitability. So Tranche one will be fully deployed, so we'll start to see that profitability in the second half of '17, that will be partially offset by the on-boarding of tranche two. But we will see positive -- we expect to see positive EBITDA in the second half of '17.
Yes, for sure. We expect it to expand '17 over '16.

A very shortly after about a week. 
We are buying back stock under 10b5-1, but obviously we're in a blackout period there is schedule that we have to follow. After the blackout period we can continue to buy stock.
No, we're not going to disclose that, but there is a schedule in that 10b5-1, so that's already been figured out. There is no -- and we'll obviously can't change that schedule. And then going forward, again we're continuing to look at buying back stock as a possible usage of cash versus other investments in the company or in organic activity. And as we look at those we'll look at what's the best in terms of the shareholder return.
That's not change, it's just going to be GAAP revenue. So it's going to be GAAP revenue in it. Before we were deferring obviously, quite a bit of our revenue with the new GAAP revenue, 99% of our revenue will be basically recognize as build and earned. So we won't really defer hardly anything of our revenue.
Yes. 
Yes. Exactly.
