
Yes. I think, really, 2 areas of focus for us within AGS. One is the value that we provide for our customers. And there's been huge improvement in helping our customers get -- providing value for our customers as they ramp these new device technologies. You look at the FinFET or 3D NAND, these are really tough transitions. And getting the tools to the defect level they need to be, uniformity, stability, to the entitlement that the tools are capable of achieving, is really huge value to our customers. So we've actually seen an uptick in our contract revenue. We're combining labor and parts, and that's more sustainable from a service perspective. And there's been a huge focus on the value in helping our customers move through those transitions. The other thing is we're really driving cost. We're driving cost from a parts perspective, labor delivery perspective. So that combination, we think, the value as our customers are moving through these tough transitions and are driving and lowering cost, we think it creates a great combination for sustainable growth in the service business that, frankly, we didn't achieve in the past. But we're pretty optimistic that we can keep driving that going forward.

Yes. If you look at it overall wafer fab equipment share, last year, we gained 1.4%. What we said is SSG revenue's up 25% in -- from fiscal year to fiscal year. We haven't given any color certainly in terms of the calendar year. But I also had said earlier that we were pretty optimistic about wafer fab equipment increasing next year and that we would outgrow the industry. So if you look at the data points, kind of what's driving market share, these major technology transitions with FinFET and the memory transitions are really good for us relative to the TAM growth. We have TAM growth in those areas, very strong products. You see this in the foundry business with the record Epi sales, the metal deposition, the implant share. A number of those areas are extremely strong. And really -- so if you look at that, as customers are transitioning to these new transistors, these new FinFET devices, that's good for us. And also, in memory, we are also very well positioned. The etch and CVD share gains this year are going to create momentum for us going forward. As I talked about earlier, we have about 50% revenue growth in etch and CVD that we anticipate this year, and that provides, really, a great opportunity for us. So as these technology transitions happen going forward, we think we can build on the momentum that we have right now.

Okay, yes. Overall, what we see for 2015 is still continued strong foundry investment and really heavily weighted to the FinFET transition for customers. That's a really big battle for all of the different companies. We're also seeing some really strong pull even into 10-nanometer pilot. That's a small amount, but really focused on these technology transitions is really, we believe, will sustain strong foundry investment in 2015. Looking at memory investment as being up next year. And so we -- that, we believe, will be a positive, and then logic, we think, is relatively flat versus '14. On the question on first half, second half, we're not really giving any guidance on first half, second half, unless Bob wants to do that. But what we do see is 2015 up. Really, we think increased investment in memory and a really sustained strong investment in foundry, really focused on technology transitions.

Well, what we think is that 2015 is really going to be focused below 20 nanometer in terms of the majority of the investment. The -- it really is a huge focus. Every one of our customers in terms of coming out with lower-power, higher-performance devices, but power is a big driver, and so FinFET is a huge focus for every one of our customers. We -- there's always this war for mobility leadership. Every Christmas season, you see everyone competing for those slots in the new consumer devices, and FinFET is really the big focus for customers. So we see, from a CapEx standpoint in '15, that really being the majority of the investment.

Yes, about 120,000 by the end of the year.

Yes, relative to the progress for the integration team, we've really focused on the areas that need -- the things that need to happen to hit the ground running on Day 1. So we've aligned around the organization structure, especially focusing on the areas of highest value creation within the new company. And when we're aligned there, the culture, the mission, vision, values that really guide the behavior for all of our employees, we've aligned around that. And also, the operating rhythm, how are we going to drive the business, all aspects of the business, our strategy, our execution, our decisions around portfolio planning, all of those kinds of things, all of those areas have -- are aligned and ready to go for Day 1 for the new company. And what I would say is that the more that we're together, the more excitement there is and the more opportunities we see to provide better products faster and at lower cost to our customers. And so again, on the organization, culture, operating rhythm, all of these areas, very, very strong alignment and strong alignment to create value for our customers and for our shareholders. So there's a lot of excitement within the team.

Yes. On the foundry investment, we think over 50% is going to be for sub-20 nanometer. And as I said earlier, that is a huge battleground for all of our customers. And there's some spending even all the way down to 10 nanometer on the pilot that is being pulled in by some of our customers. In NAND flash, the 3D NAND ramp has been slower than what we had anticipated. This year, the majority of the investment has been for planar NAND. And where we're looking at right now, we still think that in 2015, that the majority of spending will be in planar NAND technology, and the transition to 3D NAND in terms of majority of the CapEx, we think, is more in 2016. What we do see from customers and talking to multiple customers is very good performance with 3D NAND technology. And also, the potential for bit scaling in 3D NAND is pretty significant. It is a tough technology transition, so it's happening slower than I think some of the customers had anticipated. But still, from a performance and cost standpoint, there are very good reasons to make that transition, but we think that one is more in the 2016 time frame, where that becomes the majority of the CapEx spending.

Yes. Based on what we're hearing right now, I would not anticipate that, that's going to -- will impact the perspective on the foundry investment for next year. What we see today and what we're hearing from customers is continued strong investment in CapEx next year and more heavily weighted towards those next-generation technology nodes.

I think our overall position in China is very good, but as Bob said, that the -- it's not a large driver for us next year.

Thanks for the question. Relative to both of those different markets, the gains for us are weighted, I would say, a little bit more in terms of memory than it is in the other market segments. We have very strong growth, as I talked about earlier. The etch revenue we're forecasting for 2014 is up 2.5x where we were 2 years ago, so very significant growth in terms of etch. And as I had mentioned earlier also, the combined revenue growth for etch and CVD in calendar 2014 is around 50%, we believe, those areas will grow. And we made -- as Bob talked about earlier, we made a lot of investments in new products, and those new products are really helping drive the share gains in both of those different markets. We're very well positioned as our customers are transitioning to new technologies. Part of the gross margin pressure also that Bob talked about is really significant ramp. We talked about 300 chambers for new products that we announced at SEMICON West that we're shipping and really significant growth in those new products right now, which is great from a share standpoint, really positions us well around those technology transitions, providing some gross margin pressure as we're introducing these products to new customers. But overall, we're very optimistic about our outlook going forward in those markets.

Yes. I would tell you on the cost front, as Bob said, Patrick, we are really focused on trying to drive lower cost in our parts, in our -- and also the delivery of our service to our customers. So that will -- that is sustainable, and we really think that we're in the early phases of what we can do there. As Bob said, we've reorganized the service groups so that there's a tighter connection between the SSG business units with our service teams to really focus on, as we're ramping Epi for FinFET or the CVD products for deposition on a VNAND type of device, so the VNAND stack, these are tough processes. So to the extent that we can have service together with our business units and a tighter alignment, as customers are moving through these transitions, defects are harder. Uniformity is harder. Stability is harder, all of these different things. And certainly, they're very focused on cost. So that focus on value is really changed, and the alignment between the groups is much better. And we really believe that the growth that we're seeing there is sustainable into the future.

Yes. As of right now, we really don't see a major change in terms of impact on our business until kind of post 10 nanometer. So for us, I think over the next few years, we don't see a major impact.

And also, it's the -- I think in the etch case, as we talked about earlier, we have some new products that have very strong pull from customers. So as those products are ramping, that also gives us a tailwind.

Well, foundry is a really strong position for us. We have many of the transistor and interconnect-enabling technologies. That's really driving our Epi, our metal deposition, implants, some of the areas that we talked about earlier that were extremely strong. So foundry spending is really very good for us. We have very good share in really all of the different foundries, so there's not a tremendous difference from one to the next. We do see some broadening relative to the investment in 2015, but the key thing for us, and as we've talked about before, especially in FinFET, as FinFET ramps, our total available market opportunity goes up 25% to 35%. And those are the areas where we have many leadership products. So that is very, very good for us from a growth perspective.

I think, Edwin, it's pretty balanced based on what we see today and what we're hearing from customers. In both cases, we see memory spending up next year. As I said earlier, the 3D NAND transition is happening slower than we anticipated, so we see incremental investment in planar NAND. 3D NAND is broadening and is increasing in 2015, but we see both the NAND and DRAM investment up in 2015.

Yes. I think, productivity -- overall cost of ownership is a big focus for everybody with more patterning steps. That's certainly a big focus. We actually have in the new products some very strong technology. If you look at areas like microloading, for instance, we've -- we have some very good capability there. CD uniformity is always a big issue for our customers. So we are seeing, not only on the cost of ownership side but also on the technology side, some really good opportunities for us to grow the business. We've strengthened that team a tremendous amount. It's really an outstanding group, tremendous passion in solving problems for customers -- high-value problems for customers. And as Bob talked about, we've increased investment there, both in R&D for the new products that are ramping now and in the field technical support. So we see very good pull. Certainly, in memory, we are gaining in logic, and we see pull on cost but also on the technology side.

