When I would say, we're seeing increased interest and increased activity in our discussions on growth. And with segment growth, so we look at our growth pipeline in two ways. One is growth outside of our current contracted customers and then growth inside of that installed based, but in excess of what we have under contracts today.
Sure, the way we thought about 2017 and the way we've built our external guidance and our internal operating fence is really not assuming that any of those discussions translate in 2017. So I would say that So I would say that at the, as an opening comment or as an initial comment. I would say absolutely, we were hope that some of the discussions we're have that are encouraging translate in this year. But it hasn't been incorporated into our external guidance or in our internal plans sort of say. So that's the way we think about it. Definitely as we look towards 2018, we see those been translating and with market given done in 2017, which would be upside to current plans and current views.
Yeah I would say Charles, activity is increasing and it's headed towards a normal pace that we would expect. And the limiting factor on the acceleration to that normal pace is really our internal rebuilding of the go-to-market approach. We referenced some leadership we've added in the recent 90-day period. We expect to add more infrastructural and leadership in a very calculated way as we rebuild our go-to-market channel, which is absolutely by design and kind of buy plan on the heels of our rebrand. 
The new [indiscernible] is effective one-one.
There will be a comparative to the prior year, because otherwise we'd have to go through a full restatement, which obviously we don't want to go through. So there won't be a comparative to the prior year. There will be no non-GAAP revenue metric anymore, the GAAP revenue will be the only revenue that we report.
So there will be comparable to the current non-GAAP measure.
Right. I think dimensioning complexity, I would say more than size. Although on size this is the biggest, the second tranche is big as well but it's much less complex. The complexity of the first tranche really comes with the market of markets and the fragmented, if you will footprint, that we're absorbing which means we're working multiple different local entities, multiple different employee groups. As we commented the vendors, the number of vendors that make up that non-payroll spend is a much broader spread in this first tranche that we're onboarding.
No material kind of portions for the book that are up for renewal in 2017.
