
We didn't. I think it's on the press release. And off the top of my head, I don't even know the number, because -- I'm seeing, it's 45, is the answer.

Yes. So the interesting thing that's gone on there is we've gotten great continued growth in value-added services. The value-added services in 2009 as a portfolio grew 30% but particularly, in the back half of the year, we saw a great growth in our volume-driven services, with the strong growth in volumes on, particularly, with the big media customers. So that's what's really kept the balance from shifting and changing. I still believe that over time, that percentage will go up and hopefully it will go up for the right reasons that we're seeing great growth on the value-added solutions. I think Paul highlighted, and he can comment in addition, some of the things that we think are going to drive that. Certainly, adoption of cloud computing, the shift of folks using mobile and some of the mobile offerings we have, security being a big issue and that's going to play into the portfolio solutions around our DSA and APS, as well as other functionality that we continue to add in that space.

I think your first question, Neil, was on the commerce vertical, is that right? And advertising in particular?

Yes. So clearly, commerce, which grew 28% sequentially, that's really a holiday shopping season-driven phenomenon. We see it both in the advertising business, which does 40%, 45% of its total year revenue basically right around that holiday season. I think that went very well for us, and we're pleased with the results. I would say -- especially including we had a very strong December. You normally see a bit of a drop off there but we had a very strong December there. So that was very positive for the advertising business. And then we saw a lot of transactions moving online and supported by our DSA solution into the commerce customers. That commerce vertical is 80% driven by value-added solutions between advertising, DSA and our other solutions. So I think that was a real positive sequential quarter. On the Enterprise, a little bit less is driven by holiday seasonality, obviously. There's some just basic web traffic but traction with DSA and APS in particular with the enterprise customer base and that continues to be very strong.

Yes, sure. Well, I think we're going to move down towards that full year model this year from the 19% we spent in 2010. We spent I think 12% or 13% in the prior year. So it all tends to balance out. The real question will be the traffic growth that we see, particularly in the back half of the year. We want to always make sure we stay ahead of that. As I've said a lot of times, we'll always make the bet of having capacity online a little too soon rather than too late and chasing volumes. And we know we get a great return of that investment, and we know over a long period of time, it fits within the model. So I think the reason I gave us a little bit of room on top of the model this year is just, if we get the great volume growth that we hope for in the back half of the year, we may ramp up the investment a bit in the back half.

So we always are very careful not to be specific on what we're seeing on price degradation. Let me give you a couple of sort of characterizations of that. One thing, on unit growth, we've seen very positive trends there. In fact, a lot of the reasons why we're doing some of these renewals is because the growth has been so fantastic that customers have grown right through the commitments that they made to us in their last contract. I think the other positive associated with that is now, as Paul referenced to an earlier question, the customers are much more comfortable making longer-term commitments because I think they're more comfortable with the direction their business is heading and we're not in the same environment that we saw in 2008 and 2009. As for on the pricing side, I'd say we're seeing pretty consistent trends on pricing that we've seen over the last four to six quarters. We're not seeing anything unusual happening there. But of course, when a lot of the big deals happen all at once, you do get a step down and then you basically count on the growth that you and your customer both believe is going to happen.

I would just add to Paul, one of the areas that we invested in pretty significantly 2010 was in International, and I think in some sense it was an investment year and we hope that those investments start to pay off in 2011. There's still a tremendous amount of growth. Particularly, we're seeing tremendous growth, albeit still small, in some of the emerging markets. It's a place where we're seeing a little bit less growth are in some of the more mature markets particularly in Europe where the economy has been a little bit more difficult for our customers than seen in other places.

Yes, I think that vertical, which is a very strong vertical for us and we have a great market position in, has a big legacy business of delivering those software downloads, and still about 60% ballpark of that vertical comes from that business. That part of the business is not really growing like we're seeing the volumes grow on the media side. So as it moderates -- and actually, we saw some declines in the revenue in the back half of year, where it's being offset by a growing APS business there. And that's how you're getting the balance where you're getting.

So basically, next year we'll be a full cash taxpayer. This year, we were still -- a vast majority of our GAAP tax bill is non-cash and they're using up our NOLs. Next year, we're basically through our NOLs, and we'll be a full cash tax payer. And as I'd mentioned, we think the rate depends on a lot of factors obviously but the rate should be somewhere in the 31% to 33% range for the year.

I think certainly, those driving the renewals and driving volume in the media space in particular, will drive growth in the back half of the year and that's what we expect. Also, our business clearly has, with the Advertising business, has become more of a seasonal business and more back-end loaded as it is. So that's the second factor. The third factor is continued growth in our value-added solutions, which we should see even strong growth throughout the year but we're looking for continued growth, really throughout the year for that business. So I think those three factors and you end up with a year that should be more back-end loaded than we've seen in the past.

Yes. We haven't given any guidance for the full year on that. I mean we've been in the 81% to 82% range for three or four years now, so I wouldn't expect any major shifts one where or the other unless -- I think if the Media business really takes off, there may be some downward pressure on that, which would be actually a positive. If the media business doesn't, it'll be upward pressure frankly. And that would be a negative ironically. So I don't see any major shifts. We're still that 80% to 81% that we guided for the first quarter but still above our long-term model. We have a long-term model that suggests we should level off in the 77% to 79% range. But we've overachieved on that model largely based on the success of our value-added solutions.

So I'll answer it and Paul can add color since he gets to decide mostly what we spend with my assistance. I think clearly, we're going to continue to invest in primarily, in two areas. One, in innovation, particular in engineering around our network et cetera. And second, in go to market, I think what you're seeing us do and what you've seen us successfully do in building a value-added solution portfolio is bring new products to market and continue to enhance them, and we'll continue to do that. And then in addition, you've heard us talk about expanding the sales force outside of the U.S. You've heard us talk about establishing partnerships to go to market with in joint offers. And you'll see us invest in those areas as well. So last year, we added somewhere around 450 people to the business, largely in those two areas. We'll certainly be continuing to invest in 2011, probably not quite at that level of growth because we think a lot of the investments we've already made will start to pay off. But we think there's tremendous opportunity. And then also, we continue to look for acquisitions as well.

Yes. So I think just to put maybe a little bit finer point on that, I think there are three things that factor into that, Michael. The first is, our Advertising business is bigger this year than it was last year. So we'll see more of a sequential drop off there and it will impact the business more from a seasonality standpoint. The second, as you pointed out and as we pointed out, the renewals stacked up a bit on us in the media and entertainment space, and so that media growth that you see from a sequential standpoint, we don't expect to see in Q1. And then the third is, we're in a -- rather than a snapback recovery mode, we're in a more normal, if you can call it that, environment. So for those three reasons, we think that we can expect to see a bit of a sequential down tick on the revenue.

Yes, so I think what we're seeing is we actually did see it accelerate in Q4 again, but our projection is that, that starts to level off, I wouldn't say decelerate. But we've gone -- we went from a sort of a period where traffic wasn't growing as fast as is it did historically to a period where it grew faster than it did historically. And I think we're going to be in, at least here in the short term, we'll be in a cycle where it sort of levels out. On the other hand, as Paul mentioned, we think traffic grows a hundredfold over pick your time period. So I think there's the potential and possibility for that to surprise us a bit on the upside, and for the question that somebody asked about CapEx, that's why we want to make sure that we have the capacity in place to meet that demand.

So I'll try to answer that question. I think the growth is a little bit higher. I think I had 24% or 25%, and certainly with the slowdown from a growth that we saw at the beginning of the year, still really solid growth and I think we expect that going forward. A lot if it was just probably just wraparound comparison-type analysis. I think we're still pretty pleased with the sequential growth we saw in that area. So, I don't think we're seeing a major slowdown or deceleration there. And I think the progress in terms of selling in the sales force and driving it through new partnerships is pretty good.

So we are really pleased with the growth on that side of the business in Q4. I think there is tremendous amount of growth, particularly with media. And we saw -- the volume of solutions are basically -- you can put them in to three basic buckets plus storage. You have Media Delivery, Software Delivery and Web Page, or Web Object Delivery. I don't expect a lot of growth on the Software Delivery or the Web Object Delivery but Media Delivery had a tremendous amount of growth. As I mentioned, it's driven largely by some of the big customers in media and entertainment. We did see a bunch of renewals and I think that's actually -- in the short term, going to bring down revenue but for the long term it's very positive because our biggest customers are stepping up to larger deals and longer-term commits. So I think we'll see a lot of growth there. As for projecting whether 16% or 17% is a good rage for 2011, I don't want to go there and get myself into more specific guidance.

Off the top of my head, I don't know exactly what it is. Our average contract length for a long time has hovered around 18, 19 months, a little bit higher. And we've seen it move up. Tends to be on the enterprise side, you get longer-term deals and in commerce. And it tended to be that on the media side, we saw a shorter deal. I think the real positive that Paul mentioned and I mentioned was that most of those deals that we signed were longer than -- were two years or longer.

That's a piece of it. It's also because we're in the recurring revenue business. We know that especially if the economy stays strong and turns stays low, we'll add more customers month-by-month on top and you get the month-over-month impact. And also the seasonality we believe is pretty typical of our business of Commerce being stronger in the back and Advertising being much stronger in the back, and we've got another year to continue to add value before we go to market, or if you will, that business comes in, in late Q3 and Q4. So I think it's really a return to the normal state of the business that we saw outside of the pits of the recession and the sort of rapid recovery that we fortunately benefited from four and five quarters ago. So I think it's just more typical of the pattern we've seen in our business and allows for growth going forward and stronger growth in the back half.

